
Top Theme Image
Kat & Gil
May 15, 2026 • Eggolsheim, Germany
3 Days To Go!
Home
Our Story (Eng.)
Unsere Geschichte (Deu)
Dress Code (Eng. + Deu)
Hotels
Things to Do
Good to know in Germany
Q&A (für unsere internationalen Gäste/ for our international guests)
Registry/ Hochzeitsgeschenke
RSVP
Written by Kat. Started off with AI generated texts, then added some of her own (Hilarious? Ironic? A certain je ne sais quoi?) texts. Written only for the English speaking people weil alle anderen sollten alles eh schon kennen. Partially ranked by how much I think they're worth visiting, partially by distance, partially the order in which they came to mind. Definitely grouped by location. This took me two hours to make so please appreciate <3



The castles and rural areas will be harder to reach by public transport but could be done. Would recommend a car for those. Cities are easily reachable and have their own public transport. If you have any more questions or want more recommendations feel free to ask Kat!

Würzburg Residence (the German Versailles)
Picture of Würzburg Residence (the German Versailles)
Residenzpl. 2, 97070 Würzburg, Germany
0931 355170
My personal favorite UNESCO world heritage site in the region. We did try to have the wedding here but it wasn't possible to have the whole celebration within the residence so we had to look elsewhere. Absolutely worth a visit! City is partially nice, similar to Nuremberg (partially destroyed because war). Residence is 10/10 jaw dropping though.

Website
Franconian Wine Country
Picture of Franconian Wine Country
Close to where Kat's parents grew up and where her extended family live. My family comes from a long line of Franconian winegrowers, and we still have relatives tending vineyards there today. Franconian Wine Country is a gentle, scenic region of northern Bavaria where rolling vineyards surround medieval towns, hilltop fortresses, and the winding Main River. Visitors can sample crisp white wines like Silvaner and Müller‑Thurgau in historic cellars, stroll across old stone bridges with a glass in hand, and enjoy that “hidden Germany” feeling far from the big-city crowds.



Please reach out for specific recommendations. We know people.

Website
City of Nuremberg
Picture of City of Nuremberg 
Largest city in the region. Has a medieval fortress and old town. Click the link above to learn more (fortress linked below as separate activity). Name sound familiar? You can visit those sites too.

Part medieval and gorgeous, part ugly due to bombing and quick reconstruction post war. What can I say

Website
Kaiserburg (Imperial Castle)
Picture of Kaiserburg (Imperial Castle)
Burg 17, 90403 Nürnberg, Germany
0911 2446590
Imperial Castle of Nuremberg (Kaiserburg Nürnberg) – One of Germany’s most iconic medieval fortresses, perched above the historic old town. The castle offers sweeping views of Nuremberg and a glimpse into centuries of imperial history. Wander through the ancient courtyards, climb the Sinwell Tower for panoramic photos, and enjoy a stroll through the charming cobblestone streets below.

Website
Adidas Headquarters + Outlet
Picture of Adidas Headquarters + Outlet
Olympiaring 2, 91074 Herzogenaurach, Germany
Want to be 2min walking distance from Kat's family's house? Boy do I have the thing for you. Did you know that Adidas and Puma were founded in our little town? Puma was founded by one of the brothers after a fight. Both have their world headquarters here. Both have outlet stores with much better deals than you can find anywhere else in the world. They also have pretty cool office buildings, not gonna lie.

If you do go here, please come say hi to me. Thx

Website
Bamberg old town
Picture of Bamberg old town
Dompl., 96049 Bamberg, Germany
0951 2976200
UNESCO-listed Bamberg feels like a storybook German town, with colorful half-timbered houses, narrow lanes, and a cathedral overlooking the river. Visitors can wander the pedestrian old town, see the “town hall in the river,” and try Bamberg’s famous smoked beer in a traditional brewery.

Website
Franconian Switzerland nature and castles
Picture of Franconian Switzerland nature and castles
The surrounding “Fränkische Schweiz” region offers dramatic rock formations, forests, and castle ruins perfect for short hikes and scenic photos. Popular stops include the Neideck Castle ruins above the Wiesent Valley and viewpoints like the Walberla plateau.



Use the link above to find things to do ranging from culinary experiences to hikes.

Website
Pottenstein and Devil's Cave
Picture of Pottenstein and Devil's Cave
B470, 91278 Pottenstein, Germany
09243 208
The small town of Pottenstein combines a classic Franconian village feel with outdoor fun. Nearby Devil’s Cave is one of Germany’s most impressive limestone caves, with an easy guided walk past stalactites and underground chambers.

Website
Seehof Palace
Picture of Seehof Palace
Schloß Seehof 1, 96117 Memmelsdorf, Germany
0951 409571
Seehof Palace is an elegant former prince-bishop’s summer residence with formal gardens, fountains, and a peaceful park. It makes a relaxed half‑day trip for strolling, taking photos, and enjoying a coffee in a very “European palace” setting.

Website
Further away but worth it
Munich
Picture of Munich
Home of the famous Oktoberfest and the US embassy that has given Kat all of her visas. Very posh, very nice. The top attraction for American tourists by far is the Hofbräuhaus München. Full tourist experience but there are plenty of other beautiful and/or historic things to visit. Take a look at their tourism website above. Highly recommend going by train.

Website
Linderhof Palace
Picture of Linderhof Palace
Linderhof 12, 82488 Ettal, Germany
08822 92030
The favorite of Kat's castles for the gardens alone. Built by our very own mad king, King Ludwig II of Bavaria (the Fairy Tale King). He did drown himself in a (now) famous lake near Munich. What a man.

Website
Neues Schloss Herrenchiemsee
Picture of Neues Schloss Herrenchiemsee
Altes Schloß, 83209 Herrenchiemsee, Germany
08051 68870
Also built by our boy King Ludwig II. "Modelled on Versailles, this palace was built as a Temple of Fame for King Louis XIV of France, whom the Bavarian monarch fervently admired."

Website
Neuschwanstein Castle
Picture of Neuschwanstein Castle
Neuschwansteinstraße 20, 87645 Schwangau, Germany
08362 9398877
The one Disney copied! Also (ofc) built by our boy King Ludwig II and completes the collection of the three fairy tale castles. Kat's least favorite but up to you to decide. Very popular amongst Americans and Japanese tourists alike!

Website
Zugspitze Gipfel
Picture of Zugspitze Gipfel
82491 Grainau, Germany
08821 7970
Highest peak in Germany. Truly what you imagine when you think of the Alps. Shockingly accessible with this little train and then cable car. Even accessible when you're at the top. Bonus: did you also want to step foot into Austria? No problem because the peak is split between Germany and Austria and you can literally step in between them. Absolutely can be done as a day trip.

Website
Not a place but highly recommend
German Bakeries and Bread
Picture of German Bakeries and Bread
Germany is obsessed with good bread, with thousands of different loaves, rolls, and pastries baked fresh every day. Popping into a local bakery in the morning for crusty Brötchen, pretzels, and sweet treats is a simple, very delicious way to experience everyday German life.



Go to any bakery and get anything and everything. We typically buy our bread at the bakery after checking out at the grocery store (it's within the same store). I highly recommend you do that. It's also a great place to get ready made sandwiches. You truly cannot go wrong.

K&G
5.15.2026
Created on The Knot

Getting married? Create your wedding website for free.
Your Privacy Choices

Bottom Theme Image
Kat Bochtler and Gil Shaulsky's Wedding Website - The Knot